hey guys welcome back to my channel so
for today I will show you how to get
free products or free makeup to review
on your youtube channel or just to share
with your followers on Instagram and
Facebook so if you're new to my channel
hi I'm Jean Marie and thank you so much
for stopping by I really appreciate it
so don't forget to hit the subscribe
button so that you get notified whenever
I upload something new so if you want to
know how I got this free products then
keep on watching so if you're someone
like me who loves makeup nothing is
Creators and of course receiving free
powder country makeup from brands every
started to search like how to get free
makeup or how to get included in the pr
list i was able to find some tips and
tricks on how to be part of a peer list
of a certain brand but in order to be
part of that list you have to move
around like certain number of
subscribers 100,000 subscribers at least
or and i only have less than a thousand
subscribers so i know that that is
really a long shot and then I came
across influencer it's basically an app
that gives you free products okay so
hear me out I also thought that this is
too good to be true but I received this
back so you might want to hear what I
have to say so first all you have to do
is to download their application all you
have to do is to link your social media
accounts to it so I will insert a video
clip right here step influencers comm on
the website so here I will show you that
I will love out of my accounts first and
show you guys how to sign in so you can
choose any of your social media accounts
log into so in here I chose to login
with Instagram and there you will see my
entire profile so on the main two
factors on influencer is your impact is
your social impact score and your in
badge so in order to get like qualified
to get higher chances of receiving
products you really have to be active on
the app to gain this badges it's not a
requirement of like
subscribers or thousand subscribers or
followers on Instagram or any social
media platforms but all you have to do
is to link all their accounts or you can
invite some friends and that will give
you a score or your social impact so you
see the higher social impact is the
higher the possibility that you will be
chosen to receive this product I was a
member for three weeks and I was able to
receive an email from them saying that I
was part of the Buffs box
all I did was I entered my info on ma'am
complete address and they told me that I
will receive my first box
so here this one came in the mail from
business review on box so very comes
with this card so this third actually
contains all the instructions that you
have to do in order to complete the
campaign and this is a product that went
with so this is the revlon mega
multiplier mascara and this is what I'm
using today so I'm not using any other
mascara other than this the formula is
not so sick so it doesn't gets lumpy so
this video is for $11 and 81 cents and
this is much proof we also comes in
different colors and also different like
types there's one for lessening
portfolio for volumizing in order in
different types all I have to do is to
write a review on this product so there
it actually says here discovered review
share go to the app and then you'll see
the campaign go to campaign and you also
see all the activities that you have to
do in order to gain this badge so what's
the importance of getting this badge so
if you got there's two badges it will
automatically allow you to be
wait-listed or to qualify for their
bigger box which will have I think five
full-size products from Revlon to be
honest I didn't finish the campaign
yesterday six I got my other box you
know so after receiving this I just film
actually a film by uploaded pictures but
I just finished I think 40 percent of
the company
I didn't really plan to Xfinity entire
campaign and have two weeks left but I
got this yesterday I got my second box
yesterday just so I spelled like this
guilty that I have to finish my campaign
because please send my second box so
this one is the new cat on the sinner
and say it's Christian and I love and
love the packaging when you open so
there it also comes with a card and with
a Revlon one it comes to the card that
actually says what you have to do in
order to finish a campaign and you got a
little cute I love the presentation of
this one so you get to have the saint
and the sinner perfume this is 5 ml this
is what the product looks like it's so
cute it's so usually the smell I love
the smell so the center one is like warm
and spicy so it says on a website that
this is an embodiment of edgy outspoken
got blonde teeth as we all know and love
and the saint one but this has a floral
scent just actually this is my
temperature this one over the center
just because you can use this for like
everyday so this is floral scent and
like a hint of vanilla and jasmine so
what it says on this website is this is
a poetic exploration of the lesser-known
softer side of Kat Von D so they're so
cute and I finished my campaign for
cattle and me yesterday and Revlon
yesterday so I got my badges for Kat Von
D and Revlon I was just very surprised
because I was not expecting on getting
another box from them especially when
you consider the fact that I'm not yet
done doing the campaign for this one but
I thought I got this success one thing
that I'm sure about this is you don't
have to finish some phase in order to
get another box from them all you have
to do is
to like be active and make your social
impact scored height as possible and
earn lots of badges by being active on
the application all you have to do is
like ask questions answer questions
review products so that will really help
you to be qualified for the box boxes
and yeah so here so if you have any
questions about how influenced their
works or anything anything under the
assignments regarding influencer and the
free products that we've got so don't
hesitate to comment down below to ask
and I will be more than willing to
answer all of your questions and
increase and that's it for this video
and I hope you guys learned something
from this video that it is really
possible to get free products from Renz
and this video is not sponsored by
influencer and bike path material on and
just wanted to create this video in
order to help all those young youtubers
out there who aspired to like make it
big in this industry and I know a lot of
you guys love free products to make up
so there's no harm in sharing so don't
forget to like this video if you want
videos like this and subscribe to my
channel if you haven't and if you guys
on my next video bye
[Music]
Oh